Add docs for configuring basic HTTP auth (#1078)
confluentinc/schema-registry: docs/security.rst

- Do a rolling bounce of the cluster

.. _schema_registry_basic_http_auth

Configuring the REST API for Basic HTTP Authentication
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

|sr| can be configured to require users to authenticate using a username and password via the Basic HTTP authentication mechanism.

.. note:: If you're using Basic authentication, we recommended that you

>           :ref:`configure |sr| to use HTTPS for secure communication <schema_registry_http_https>`,

Author: I'm not sure whether it's possible to resolve `|sr|` in a reference like this -- had trouble resolving abbreviated names when rendering these updates. Confirmation from someone more familiar with RST would be great. (I checked that the rest of the formatting is as expected when rendered, so that should all be fine.)

Reviewer: This is expected: tokens get resolved by the main build from the `docs` repo, so they won't render correctly in the KSQL docs build.

Reviewer 2: @vcrfxia @JimGalasyn they don't render if they are used in cross references or [these other examples](https://github.com/confluentinc/docs#limitations). so in this case, just use the hard-coded `Schema Registry`.

          because the Basic protocol passes credentials in plain text.

Use the following settings to configure |sr| to require authentication:

::

    authentication.method=BASIC
    authentication.roles=some-schema-registry-id
    authentication.realm=SchemaRegistry-Props

> The ``authentication.roles`` config defines a comma separated list of user roles. To be authorized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``authentication.roles`` config defines a comma-separated list of user roles. To be authorized
```

> to access |sr| an authenticated user must belong to at least one of these roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to access |sr|, an authenticated user must belong to at least one of these roles.
```

The ``authentication.realm`` config must match a section within ``jaas_config.file``, which
defines how the server authenticates users and should be passed as a JVM option during server start:

.. code:: bash

>     $ export SCHEMA_REGISTRY_OPTS=-Djava.security.auth.login.config=/path/to/the/jaas_config.file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    export SCHEMA_REGISTRY_OPTS=-Djava.security.auth.login.config=/path/to/the/jaas_config.file
```

Reviewer: Once we got the cool "copy" feature on the docs site, we changed our policy to not prepend `$` to example commands.

Author: > Once we got the cool "copy" feature on the docs site

What "copy" feature? Curious to learn :)

Reviewer: @vcrfxia It's the little UI affordance on the right-hand side of code snippets: 
![docs screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12521043/55513148-de952c00-5619-11e9-98b8-e2956848cfc2.png)

>     $ <path-to-confluent>/bin/schema-registry-start <path-to-confluent>/etc/schema-registry/schema-registry.properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <path-to-confluent>/bin/schema-registry-start <path-to-confluent>/etc/schema-registry/schema-registry.properties
```

An example ``jaas_config.file`` is:

::

    SchemaRegistry-Props {
      org.eclipse.jetty.jaas.spi.PropertyFileLoginModule required
      file="/path/to/password-file"
      debug="false";
    };

> The example ``jaas_config.file`` above uses the Jetty ``PropertyFileLoginModule``, which itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example ``jaas_config.file`` above uses the Jetty ``PropertyFileLoginModule``, which
```

authenticates users by checking for their credentials in a password file.

You can also use other implementations of the standard Java ``LoginModule`` interface, such as

> ``JDBCLoginModule`` for reading credentials from a database or the ``LdapLoginModule``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ``LdapLoginModule``, or ``JDBCLoginModule`` for reading credentials from a database.
```

The file parameter is the location of the password file, The format is:

::

    <username>: <password-hash>[,<rolename> ...]

Here’s an example:

::

    fred: OBF:1w8t1tvf1w261w8v1w1c1tvn1w8x,user,admin
    harry: changeme,user,developer
    tom: MD5:164c88b302622e17050af52c89945d44,user
    dick: CRYPT:adpexzg3FUZAk,admin,sr-user

> The password hash for a user can be obtained by using the ``org.eclipse.jetty.util.security.Password``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the password hash for a user by using the ``org.eclipse.jetty.util.security.Password``
```

> utility, for example running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
utility:
```

.. code:: bash

>     > bin/schema-registry-run-class org.eclipse.jetty.util.security.Password fred letmein

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   bin/schema-registry-run-class org.eclipse.jetty.util.security.Password fred letmein
```

> Which results in an output similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your output should resemble:
```

::

    letmein
    OBF:1w8t1tvf1w261w8v1w1c1tvn1w8x
    MD5:0d107d09f5bbe40cade3de5c71e9e9b7
    CRYPT:frd5btY/mvXo6

> Where each line of the output is the password encrypted using different mechanisms, starting with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each line of the output is the password encrypted using different mechanisms, starting with
```

plain text.

> Once |sr| is configured to use Basic authentication, clients will need to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once |sr| is configured to use Basic authentication, clients must be
```
